## S3 distributted in Cloud Front.

When you create or update a distribution in CloudFront, you can add an `origin access identity (OAI)` and **automatically** update the bucket policy to give the origin access identity permission to access your bucket.

Alternatively, you can choose to `manually change the bucket policy` or change ACLs, which control permissions on **individual objects** in your bucket.

You can update the Amazon S3 bucket policy using either the AWS Management Console or the Amazon S3 API:

- Grant the CloudFront origin access identity the applicable permissions on the bucket.

- Deny access to anyone that you don't want to have access using Amazon S3 URLs.

## Lambda@Edge vs Route 53.

Lambda@Edge is a feature of Amazon CloudFront that lets you `run code closer to users of your application`, which `improves performance and reduces latency`.

With Lambda@Edge, you don't have to provision or manage infrastructure in multiple locations around the world. You pay only for the compute time you consume - there is no charge when your code is not running.

With Lambda@Edge, you can `enrich your web applications by making them globally distributed and improving their performance` — all with zero server administration. Lambda@Edge runs your code in response to events generated by the Amazon CloudFront content delivery network (CDN). Just upload your code to AWS Lambda, which takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability at an AWS location closest to your end user.

### **You can only route traffic using Route 53 since it does not have any `computing capability`. This solution would not be able to process and return the data in close geographical proximity to your users since it is not using Lambda@Edge.**
